Haha upgrade snafu (which ends up with us still in Y but charged and uncharged $2200 for a last minute upgrade)
So for a while it was looking like no upgrading would happen and I was #3 on the J list and #1 on the PY list.
MP was like #7 on J and #5 on PY. Then at t-1.15 four spots in J appeared.
So I guessed the likely result would be me in J and MP in PY.
I go to the lounge staff and ask that we both be removed from the J list and added to the PY list.
She managed to remove us from the J list but couldn't add to the PY list.
Then she was like "oh but I can upgrade MP to J".
But that was actually a last minute upgrade for $2200. Which is not what I wanted!
LMUs are in principle nonrefundable but I pointed out I never agreed to the LMU and 20 minutes later the manager managed to get us back in Y. Unfortunately the upgrades had all cleared by then.
So I missed out on us both being in PY.
I'm going to write in and ask them to extend the expiry of the eUp points...


Hi,

I have two requests:
1. Please refund the $2216 charged to Patrick Lam's credit card (Mastercard, ending in 0635) for a LMU that was cancelled.
2. Please extend the validity of Patrick Lam's eUpgrade points.

Marie-Pascale and I were travelling together but on separate itineraries. Patrick Lam's PNR is 38934J and Marie-Pascale's PNR is 38934J. I had waitlisted for an eUpgrade to J on AC39 departing 3 January, and at YVR, I had requested that Marie-Pascale also be added to the eUpgrade list for J using my points. The YVR domestic MLL agent managed to add us both to that list.

At one hour and 15 minutes prior to departure, I noticed that 4 seats in J had become empty for a total of 5. I was #3 on the J waitlist and #1 on the PY waitlist; Marie-Pascale was about #7 on the J waitlist and #3 on the PY waitlist. I asked the agent at the YVR international MLL to remove us from the J waitlist, keeping us on the PY waitlist, so that we could be in the same cabin. There was some miscommunication and we ended up being removed from all waitlists when the upgrades were processed. Furthermore, the agent processed an LMU for Marie-Pascale, which I had not agreed to. With the help of a supervisor, they managed to undo the LMU, and Marie-Pascale and I sat in economy, but my credit card still shows the $2216 charge as of 8 January. Clearly, that charge should be reversed, as I hadn't agreed to it, and Marie-Pascale was in Y.

I am also hoping to use my eUpgrade points before they expire. I had also been unable to use them on AC40 AKL-YVR on December 12 as AKL staff had been unable to process the eUpgrade; there was plenty of room on that flight. And it looked like we would have been upgraded on AC39 on January 3 if the miscommunication hadn't happened. I would appreciate it if you could extend the expiry date of the eUpgrade points so that I can use them on future travel.

Thanks for your attention.

Patrick Lam
