Mt. Rainier is 14400ft (4389m) tall and has an active glacier system. It's also extremely popular, especially with guided groups. Dave, Aaron and I took the second most popular route, the Emmons route. Last Monday, we set out from the trailhead, White River, 4400' at 9:00 and arrived at high camp (Camp Schurman, 9800') at 6:00. We roped up on the last part of the approach to high camp, on the Inter Glacier. The crevasses looked much less scary than last year (we were a couple of weeks earlier in the season), but they could still eat someone. 

After a couple of hours of sleep (for me) or not-sleep (for my friends), we decided to start walking up the mountain, since the weather looked awesome (completely clear, with clouds under us). Unlike in the Waptas, there's an extremely clear bootpack that everyone takes on this route. I'm glad that we got to practice glacier routefinding, because you don't get much practice with it on Rainier. Due to the lack of sleep and annoying wind, we turned back at 11700', about halfway to the summit (but it was actually the easy half). We then slept for most of the day. I practiced some crevasse rescue on the rock at high camp. An IMG guide helped me remember some of the details that I couldn't quite remember, but I ended up with a system that was pretty much like the ones that we did at the Bow Hut. I did use a pulley rather than a guarder hitch, which made life easier.

It started snowing at high camp in the evening, so I was a bit worried, but at midnight it was clear again, so we set out for our second try at the summit. This time we were much better rested and there was no wind, so I felt quite good about our progress throughout. We made sure to stay well-hydrated and kept up a constant pace, so things were going well. Even so, at 13000', we all just felt worse and worse, and our pace definitely slowed down. In any case, we eventually made it to the summit, took pictures, went back to high camp, and felt much better there. 

We hiked out the next day. That hike was completely uneventful, although it's always nice to get back to places where there is vegetation and water. We glissaded down the bottom part of the descent, which went by quite quickly.

While I didn't use any of the hard skills from Intro to Mountaineering on this trip (which is a good thing!), it was still extremely useful to have tried them out on a glacier. I think that the course also helps with soft skills and with route-finding, which is good for going to places other than Mt. Rainier.
